me
Hey
Went back
I will
Yeah yeah yeah
Travel videos Hen Yes full Tsunago you in Taiwan and car Sha set of Plarail today
Will be
As there is scenery outside, one who does not see is dumplings of summary
Please check it
This time, let's drive the car using Tomica and Plarail's curved large iron bridge set introduced last time
I would like to
I tried to connect Tomonia in the layout by concatenating the Ronnie wagons in
It's too long to connect all the people
If you look at it like this already, Gintaro & location set is quite powerful
Because this layout is overturned for half a lap
Now I'm connecting all 10 seconds If I have a note on the box and connect, including a motor vehicle
Please be a maximum of Oh treatment Te
It may be derailed by how to connect the bail or by the kicker vehicle.
Try to run in the announcement by saying
Had
me
Is not
It seems that a serious accident has occurred
Curve rail or curve station after slope no longer
Because I to that would be something derailed and put Toka polarity sentence key to the flat layout of the next
And I think So out by iron-chan would like to change
Ah ah ah
It is long and cool
It is a hobby and feels right
I know the Executive Committee without derailment
Then let's stop the netter
Delivery code was not knitted
Pull it vehicle that is the number that do, but I had been writing me up to 8 cars here, but still throw
Power was Imaichi live the Tomica in a row on the mounting wagons of Tomica Nde ideal
Finally I want to connect the Tomica loading wagons and let them run.
Then it was a fit channel
Mars and bid channel is also doing twitter Speaking
Thank you for your later subscription
ua